Rephrase session property description (#23541)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/properties.rst

* **Type:** ``integer``
* **Default value:** ``100UL << 30``

>   Specifies the max spill bytes limit set for each query on a Prestissimo worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the max spill bytes limit set for each query on a Presto C++ worker.
```

Author: I changed it to presto native to be consistent

Reviewer: I understand that, and I'd suggested Presto C++ for consistency with the existing documentation: the [Presto C++](https://prestodb.io/docs/current/presto-cpp.html) page in the Presto doc has "Presto C++, sometimes referred to by the development name Prestissimo,...". 

We don't mention "Presto native" in the docs as a synonym for Prestissimo and I want to avoid introducing another label into the docs for the same concept.  If you object to Presto C++, I'd prefer it if you could change it back to Prestissimo instead of Presto native. Does that make sense?

Reviewer 2: yeah, Prestissimo worker seems better and be consistent with other places. Thanks!

Author: Changed to "prestissimo worker"

Reviewer 3: Folks, speaking generally, this is user facing documentation.  For user facing documentation, please use **Presto C++**, and for development, please use **Prestissimo**.

This is the terminology we are already using for user facing documentation on the docs website.  If you would like to use **Prestissimo** for user facing documentation, please open an issue and we can discuss, but let's not start calling this two different things.

Moreover, I have a **practical suggestion for this PR**.  Just remove any reference to "Prestissimo worker" or "Presto C++ worker" and just call it a **worker**, as it is implicit that we are talking about C++ workers.

>   Specifies the max spill bytes limit set for each query on a Prestissimo worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the max spill bytes limit set for each query on a worker.
```
New suggestion following @tdcmeehan's suggestion in [his comment](https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23541/files#r1738639670).

>   This is used to cap the storage used for spilling. If it is zero, then there is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this session property to cap the storage used for spilling. If this is set to zero, then there is
```

>   no limit and spilling might exhaust the storage or takes too long to run.

Reviewer 4: takes --> take

>   no limit and spilling might exhaust the storage or takes too long to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  no limit and spilling might exhaust the storage or take too long to run.
```
